## Python OOP Assignment
Q1. What is the purpose of Python's OOP?

A.OOPS in python is used to increase the efficiency of the code by creating Objects and for High Level Programming.

Q2. Where does an inheritance search look for an attribute?

A.The Inheritance Look for an attribute in derived class

Q3. How do you distinguish between a class object and an instance object?

A.The Instance Created from a class object is called Instance Object.

Q4. What makes the first argument in a class’s method function special?

A. Self is the first argument in a class method because it refers to the instance of the class.

Q5. What is the purpose of the init method?

A.init method initiates the class by declaring the  properties with self keywords

Q6. What is the process for creating a class instance?

A.The process of creating class instance by inserting the Arguments in the class  

Q7. What is the process for creating a class?

A.while creating the class instance we create init method declaring the Properties of the class and the methods containing the execution actions

Q8. How would you define the superclasses of a class?

A.We can define Superclass of a class by inserting the class as attribute of child class.

Q9. What is the relationship between classes and modules?

A.Classes are the Blue Print of creating instance of class and modules is a collection of Classes functions,variables and objects.

Q10. How do you make instances and classes?

A.We create a Class by using the Class keyword, we create instance by creating a variable and assigning the Class with Arguments in the paranthesis
  for example:
    class Person:
        pass -> This is Creating a Class 
    person1 = Person()  -> This is Creating a Object

Q11. Where and how should be class attributes created?

A.Class attributes are create inside the class definition and outside any method. 

Q12. Where and how are instance attributes created?

A.Instance attributes are created inside __init__ constructor method,Instance attributes are created with the help of "Self" keyword

Q13. What does the term "self" in a Python class mean?

A."Self" Refers to the instance of the class,it declare the instance Attributes.

Q14. How does a Python class handle operator overloading?

A. Method overloading in Python is achieved by defining a single method with optional arguments, or by using the *args and **kwargs syntax to accept variable-length arguments.

Q15. When do you consider allowing operator overloading of your classes?

A. We should consider factors such as naturalness, consistency, predictability, efficiency, and necessity when deciding whether to allow operator overloading in your classes.

Q16. What is the most popular form of operator overloading?

A.In Python, one of the most popular forms of operator overloading is the use of the __add__ method to overload the + operator. 

Q17. What are the two most important concepts to grasp in order to comprehend Python OOP code?

A.Class And Objects, Inheritance are the important conceots to comprehend by python OOP code

Q18. Describe three applications for exception processing.

A.Applications for Exception processing are error handling, Resource management,Control FLow.
Error handling:when we want to run a code regardless of unexpected conditions we can use exception handeling to overcome the errors. 
Resource management:when we want to not use some resources we explicitly release them but we need them during the code in some unexpected situations we use exception handeling.
ControlFlow:In Some situations the executor needs to jump to another block of code without executing the actual one,so we raise an exception during this.

Q19. What happens if you don't do something extra to treat an exception?

A.If we dont treat an rxception it may leads to unexpected termination of program showing errors to the user,some times the system may enter into some unknown state.

Q20. What are your options for recovering from an exception in your script?

A.Using exception handeling techniques like try-except ,Using Fall back Values, Using RollBack.

Q21. Describe two methods for triggering exceptions in your script.

A.Raising an exception explicitly ,Using Built in Functions for Triggerinfg Exception in yopur script.

Q22. Identify two methods for specifying actions to be executed at termination time, regardless of  
whether or not an exception exists.

A.Using finally  clause and with statement we ca specify actions to be executed at termination time,Regardless of whether or not an exception exists.

Q23. What is the purpose of the try statement?

A.try statement is used for handling the exemption in the code

Q24. What are the two most popular try statement variations?

A.try-except and try-finally are the two popular try statement variations.

Q25. What is the purpose of the raise statement?

A.The raise statement in Python is used to raise an exception explicitly. It allows you to create custom exceptions or raise built-in exceptions with a custom message.

Q26. What does the assert statement do, and what other statement is it like?

A.The assert statement in Python is used to check a condition, and if the condition is not true, it raises an exception with an optional error message.

Q27. What is the purpose of the with/as argument, and what other statement is it lke?

A.In Python, the with/as statement is used for context management. It is used to create a context in which a resource is managed, such as opening and closing a file or establishing and closing a database connection. with/as is used for aliasing resource to a new variable

Q28. What are *args, **kwargs?

A."*args" are used to insert tuple of arguments to the function and "**kwargs" are used to insert dictionary of arguments into the function 

Q29. How can I pass optional or keyword parameters from one function to another?

A.We can oass optuional or keyword parameters from one function to another function by enclosing one function in another function

Q30. What are Lambda Functions?

A.Lambda Functions are user defined function without defining the function.

Q31. Explain Inheritance in Python with an example?
A.
Class A:
    def _init_(self):
        self.Property1=Property1
        self.Property2=Property2
    def getmethod1():
        print(Property1)
        print(Property2)
Class B(A):
    def _init_(self):
        self.Property3=Property1
        self.Property4=Property2
        super()._init_
    def getmethod2():
        print(Property3)
        print(Property4)

class_instance=ClassB()
class_instance.getmethod1()
              .getmethod2()
 here Class B is child class it can inherit properties and methods of parent Class A 
              

Q32. Suppose class C inherits from classes A and B as class C(A,B).Classes A and B both have their own versions of method func(). If we call func() from an object of 
class C, which version gets invoked?

A.By the Method Resolution Order principle class C inherits from Class A
As it is the Leftmost Parent Class 

Q33. Which methods/functions do we use to determine the type of instance and inheritance?

A.In methods in the derived class we  determine the type of instance and the inheritance

Q34.Explain the use of the 'nonlocal' keyword in Python.

A.'nonlocal' keyword is declared in the outer enclosure of a function not inside the function

Q35. What is the global keyword?

A.Global variable is accesible everywhere it can be accesible inside or outside the method or function